readme.md, before:

# DroidShows<img src="/icon/icon5a.png" align="right"/>
DroidShows: a 2015 reboot of DroidSeries TV Show Tracker  
This fork adds quite a bunch of features, among which an improved interface, a menu overflow button, swiping gestures, more show information, backup/restore, double episode entries clean-up, faster updating, cover and fan art view, a modern launcher icon and it speeds up responsiveness significantly by (more) efficient SQL queries and some threading. Some pointers:
* Don't forget to update all shows regularly
* Long-press items for more options
* Swipe left-to-right to go back  
__In Shows Overview__:
* Tap poster for show info
* Long-press poster for next episode's IMDb
* Swipe right-to-left to mark next as seen  
__In Show Details__:
* Tap poster for full-screen view
* Click full-screen poster image for fan art  
__In Show/Episode Details__:
* Tap IMDb rating to view in IMDb App when installed, or on IMDb's mobile webpage

[Homepage](http://ltguillaume.github.io/DroidShows)  
[Wiki (FAQ)](https://github.com/ltGuillaume/DroidShows/wiki)  
[Screenshots & comparison with original DroidSeries](http://gallery.asymmetrics.nl/index.php?sfpg=RHJvaWRTZXJpZXMvKioxZTNiOGI1MjAwYzk0ZTE4OTVmZTRmYWIxOTBjNDAyYQ)  
[XDA Forum post / Changelog](http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=3136787)  
__Download APK__: from XDA forum post, [F-Droid Repository](https://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdid=nl.asymmetrics.droidshows) or [here](https://github.com/ltGuillaume/DroidShows/releases)

![DroidShows Screenshot](/icon/screenshot.png)  
__Shows Overview__:  
\+ Showing "[aired unwatched] of [total unwatched]"  
\+ Added icon ic_menu_view for show/hide toggled  
\+ Status of show in details, and † in overview if show is not continuing  
\+ If show position changed, scroll back to show after [Mark next episode as seen] and Seasons list  
\+ Option in [About] to only update shows' last season  
\+ Context item to view show details on IMDb  
\+ Tap cover for show info, long-press for IMDb details  
\+ Swipe right-to-left to mark next episode as seen (shows confirmation toast)  
\+ Option to include specials in unwatched count  
\+ Mark next episode seen via swipe now vibrates  
\+ Undo function (until exit)  
\+ Showing middot · when all new episodes are aired  
\+ New show & episode details views  
\+ View full size poster and fan art  
\* Sorting shows by first unseen episode  
\* Clarified toggle and sort options  
\* Not showing "null" entries from DB  
\* Posters now fill row height, aspect ratios independent of screen's  
  
__Seasons/Episodes list__:  
\+ Showing "[aired] of [season episodes]"  
\+ Aired date in episodes list  
\+ Click on episode title for details, on checkmark to change seen state  
\* Big performance improvement for entirely rewritten Seasons activity: is now almost instant  
  
__Add show__:  
\+ Icon resized rate_star_med_on_holo_dark for added shows  
\+ Icon ic_menu_add for new shows  
\* Fixed search not working after initial search  
\* Centered icons vertically in search results  
\* Large-size posters aren't cached, to save space in /data/data/  
  
__Update__:  
\* Prevent double episodes  
  
__Other__:  
\+ [Clean database] in About to remove double episodes post hoc  
\+ Menu (overflow) button should show up in Android 3.0+  
\+ Dutch translation  
\+ Translucent background  
\+ Swipe left-to-right acts as back button  
\+ Animations that help understand the app's structure  
\+ Backup/restore database  
\* Date/time format according to locale  
\* Big performance improvement for Overview activity (values are kept up-to-date in series table)  
\* Some progress dialogs cancelable  
\* Update of all shows continues when navigating away from DroidShows  
\* Screen off/rotating screen/navigating away from app during update poses no problems anymore  
\* [Exit] removes app from memory  
\* Fixed UI glitches/styles  
\* Code clean-up (all layouts revised)  
  
©2010 [Carlos Limpinho, Paulo Cabido](http://code.google.com/p/droidseries) under GPLv3  
Modified by [Mikael Berthe](http://gitorious.org/droidseries/mckaels-droidseries)  
©2014-2015 Guillaume under GPLv3 ([previously on Gitorious](http://gitorious.org/droidseries/droidseries-guillaume))  
New icon file is a mix of work by [Thrasos Varnava](http://iconeasy.com/icon/tv-shows-2-icon) and [Taenggo](http://wallalay.com/wallpapers-for-android-67-177682-desktop-background.html)

Commit message:

5.1: Added a quick search (filter) to make finding shows in your list a lot faster; list item operations now correspond to the ArrayAdapter's items, not the source List series (necessary for filter); Fixed double triggering of gestures; Clear undo list on restoring a backup; Renamed and edited some strings; Fixed exception when no icon drawable found.

readme.md, after:

# DroidShows<img src="/icon/icon5a.png" align="right"/>
DroidShows: a 2015 reboot of DroidSeries TV Show Tracker  
This fork adds quite a bunch of features, among which an improved interface, a menu overflow button, quick search, swiping gestures, more show information, backup/restore, double episode entries clean-up, faster updating, cover and fan art view, a modern launcher icon and it speeds up responsiveness significantly by (more) efficient SQL queries and some threading. Some pointers:
* Don't forget to update all shows regularly
* Long-press items for more options
* Swipe left-to-right to go back  
__In Shows Overview__:
* Tap poster for show info
* Long-press poster for next episode's IMDb
* Swipe right-to-left to mark next as seen  
__In Show Details__:
* Tap poster for full-screen view
* Click full-screen poster image for fan art  
__In Show/Episode Details__:
* Tap IMDb rating to view in IMDb App when installed, or on IMDb's mobile webpage

[Homepage](http://ltguillaume.github.io/DroidShows)  
[Wiki (FAQ)](https://github.com/ltGuillaume/DroidShows/wiki)  
[Screenshots & comparison with original DroidSeries](http://gallery.asymmetrics.nl/index.php?sfpg=RHJvaWRTZXJpZXMvKioxZTNiOGI1MjAwYzk0ZTE4OTVmZTRmYWIxOTBjNDAyYQ)  
[XDA Forum post / Changelog](http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=3136787)  
__Download APK__: from XDA forum post, [F-Droid Repository](https://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdid=nl.asymmetrics.droidshows) or [here](https://github.com/ltGuillaume/DroidShows/releases)

![DroidShows Screenshot](/icon/screenshot.png)  
__Shows Overview__:  
\+ Showing "[aired unwatched] of [total unwatched]"  
\+ Added icon ic_menu_view for show/hide toggled  
\+ Status of show in details, and † in overview if show is not continuing  
\+ If show position changed, scroll back to show after [Mark next episode as seen] and Seasons list  
\+ Option in [About] to only update shows' last season  
\+ Context item to view show details on IMDb  
\+ Tap cover for show info, long-press for IMDb details  
\+ Swipe right-to-left to mark next episode as seen (shows confirmation toast)  
\+ Option to include specials in unwatched count  
\+ Mark next episode seen via swipe now vibrates  
\+ Undo function (until exit)  
\+ Showing middot · when all new episodes are aired  
\+ New show & episode details views  
\+ View full size poster and fan art  
\+ Quick search (filter)  
\* Sorting shows by first unseen episode  
\* Clarified toggle and sort options  
\* Not showing "null" entries from DB  
\* Posters now fill row height, aspect ratios independent of screen's  
  
__Seasons/Episodes list__:  
\+ Showing "[aired] of [season episodes]"  
\+ Aired date in episodes list  
\+ Click on episode title for details, on checkmark to change seen state  
\* Big performance improvement for entirely rewritten Seasons activity: is now almost instant  
  
__Add show__:  
\+ Icon resized rate_star_med_on_holo_dark for added shows  
\+ Icon ic_menu_add for new shows  
\* Fixed search not working after initial search  
\* Centered icons vertically in search results  
\* Large-size posters aren't cached, to save space in /data/data/  
  
__Update__:  
\* Prevent double episodes  
  
__Other__:  
\+ [Clean database] in About to remove double episodes post hoc  
\+ Menu (overflow) button should show up in Android 3.0+  
\+ Dutch translation  
\+ Translucent background  
\+ Swipe left-to-right acts as back button  
\+ Animations that help understand the app's structure  
\+ Backup/restore database  
\* Date/time format according to locale  
\* Big performance improvement for Overview activity (values are kept up-to-date in series table)  
\* Some progress dialogs cancelable  
\* Update of all shows continues when navigating away from DroidShows  
\* Screen off/rotating screen/navigating away from app during update poses no problems anymore  
\* [Exit] removes app from memory  
\* Fixed UI glitches/styles  
\* Code clean-up (all layouts revised)  
  
©2010 [Carlos Limpinho, Paulo Cabido](http://code.google.com/p/droidseries) under GPLv3  
Modified by [Mikael Berthe](http://gitorious.org/droidseries/mckaels-droidseries)  
©2014-2015 Guillaume under GPLv3 ([previously on Gitorious](http://gitorious.org/droidseries/droidseries-guillaume))  
New icon file is a mix of work by [Thrasos Varnava](http://iconeasy.com/icon/tv-shows-2-icon) and [Taenggo](http://wallalay.com/wallpapers-for-android-67-177682-desktop-background.html)
